[OSDOCS-13126][OSD-GCP] Clarify use of constraints/compute.restrictLoadBalancerCreationForTypes in "Required customer procedure" (#87488)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ccs-gcp-customer-procedure.adoc

====

.Prerequisites

Before using {product-title} in your GCP project, confirm that the following organizational policy constraints are configured correctly where applicable:

* `constraints/iam.allowedPolicyMemberDomains`
** This policy constraint is supported only if Red{nbsp}Hat's Directory Customer ID's `C02k0l5e8` and `C04j7mbwl` are included in the allowlist.
* `constraints/compute.restrictLoadBalancerCreationForTypes`
** This policy constraint is supported only when creating a private cluster with GCP Private Service Connect (PSC). You must ensure that the `INTERNAL_TCP_UDP` load balancer type is included in the allowlist or excluded from the deny list.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Although the `EXTERNAL_NETWORK_TCP_UDP` load balancer type is not required when creating a private cluster with GCP Private Service Connect (PSC), disallowing it via this constraint will prevent the cluster from being able to create externally accessible load balancers.
====

* `constraints/compute.requireShieldedVm`

> ** This policy constraint is supported only if the cluster is created with "Enable Secure Boot support for Shielded VMs" selected during the initial cluster creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** This policy constraint is supported only if the cluster is created with *Enable Secure Boot support for Shielded VMs* selected during the initial cluster creation.
```
Pretty sure this should be formatted as bold, judging by substep 2 of step 1 in this OCP procedure: https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.17/html/installing_on_gcp/installing-gcp-customizations#installation-initializing_installing-gcp-customizations.

The following requirements in this topic apply to {product-title} on {GCP} clusters created using both the service account and Workload Identity Federation authentication type. For additional requirements that apply to the service account authentication type only, see _Service account authentication type procedure_. For additional requirements that apply to the Workload Identity Federation authentication type only, see _Workload Identity Federation authentication type procedure_.
====

.Prerequisites

Before using {product-title} in your GCP project, confirm that the following organizational policy constraints are configured correctly where applicable:

* `constraints/iam.allowedPolicyMemberDomains`

> ** This policy constraint is supported only if Red Hat's DIRECTORY CUSTOMER ID's `C02k0l5e8` and `C04j7mbwl` are included in the allow list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** This policy constraint is supported only if Red {nbsp} Hat's DIRECTORY CUSTOMER ID's `C02k0l5e8` and `C04j7mbwl` are included in the allowlist.
```

Reviewer: Should be a non breaking space between 'Red' and 'Hat'. I can't seem to add a suggestion for lines 9 to include this also.

Reviewer 2: The "DIRECTORY CUSTOMER ID’s" does not need to be capitalized.
> Red Hat's Directory Customer ID's
